README.adoc, before:

= My Cloud Native Java Buildpacks Repository

A collection of my Cloud Native Buildpacks for building Cloud Native Java Applications using 

- https://quarkus.io[Quarkus]
- https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot[SpringBoot]

== Pre-requisites

Download and install 

- https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop[Docker for Desktop]
- https://buildpacks.io/docs/tools/pack/[pack]

== Building Applications

=== SpringBoot

[[source,bash]
----
pack build example/helloboot \
   --builder quay.io/kameshsampath/java-11-jvm-builder:v1.0.0 \
   --path $PROJECT_HOME/apps/helloboot
----

To run and test the image:

[[source,bash]
----
docker run -it --rm -p 8080:8080 example/helloboot
----

Doing `curl localhost:8080/hello` should return an response *Hello SpringBoot!*

=== Quarkus(JVM)

[[source,bash]
----
pack build example/helloquarkus \
   --builder quay.io/kameshsampath/java-11-jvm-builder:v1.0.0 \
   --path $PROJECT_HOME/apps/helloquarkus \
   --verbose
----

=== Quarkus(Native Mode)

[[source,bash]
----
pack build example/helloquarkus \
   --builder quay.io/kameshsampath/quarkus-native-builder:v1.0.0 \
   --path $PROJECT_HOME/apps/helloquarkus \
   --verbose
----

To run and test the image:

[[source,bash]
----
docker run -it --rm -p 8080:8080 example/helloquarkus
----

Doing `curl localhost:8080/hello-resteasy` should return an response *Hello RESTEasy*

== Build the buildpacks locally

To build and install the buildpacks, builders locally, run:

[[source,bash]
----
make all
----

Commit message:

fix: add mave settings buildpack
Add buildpack that can configure the maven settings

fixes: #2

README.adoc, after:

= My Cloud Native Java Buildpacks Repository

A collection of my Cloud Native Buildpacks for building Cloud Native Java Applications using 

- https://quarkus.io[Quarkus]
- https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot[SpringBoot]

== Pre-requisites

Download and install 

- https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop[Docker for Desktop]
- https://buildpacks.io/docs/tools/pack/[pack]

== Building Applications

=== SpringBoot

[[source,bash]
----
pack build example/helloboot \
   --builder quay.io/kameshsampath/java-11-jvm-builder:v1.0.0 \
   --path $PROJECT_HOME/apps/helloboot
----

[TIP]
====
If you have a maven repository manager , then you can run the builder with an environment variable `MAVEN_MIRROR_URL` as shown:

[source,bash]
----
pack build example/helloboot \
   --env MAVEN_MIRROR_URL="<MAVEN_MIRROR_URL>" \
   --builder quay.io/kameshsampath/java-11-jvm-builder:tip \
   --path $PROJECT_HOME/apps/helloboot \
   --verbose
----
====

To run and test the image:

[[source,bash]
----
docker run -it --rm -p 8080:8080 example/helloboot
----

Doing `curl localhost:8080/hello` should return an response *Hello SpringBoot!*

=== Quarkus(JVM)

[[source,bash]
----
pack build example/helloquarkus \
   --builder quay.io/kameshsampath/java-11-jvm-builder:v1.0.0 \
   --path $PROJECT_HOME/apps/helloquarkus \
   --verbose
----

=== Quarkus(Native Mode)

[[source,bash]
----
pack build example/helloquarkus \
   --builder quay.io/kameshsampath/quarkus-native-builder:v1.0.0 \
   --path $PROJECT_HOME/apps/helloquarkus \
   --verbose
----

To run and test the image:

[[source,bash]
----
docker run -it --rm -p 8080:8080 example/helloquarkus
----

Doing `curl localhost:8080/hello-resteasy` should return an response *Hello RESTEasy*

== Build the buildpacks locally

To build and install the buildpacks, builders locally, run:

[[source,bash]
----
make all
----
